Intro page overview (#2160)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/introduction/_index.md

---
title: Introduction to Giant Swarm and the Giant Swarm platform
linkTitle: Introduction to Giant Swarm

> description: Giant Swarm give platform engineering teams the ability to build cloud-native developer platforms and operate them without much hassle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Giant Swarm gives platform engineering teams the ability to build cloud-native developer platforms and operate them without much hassle.
```

Our approach gives you the ability to define team-specific policies, flexible application delivery processes, or different traffic routing setups, just to name a few of the options. We help you create templates tailored to your team's needs while ensuring excellent visibility and control over their activities.

## Working with our customers

We offer a product that lets you start easy with a production-ready platform. But our team works with your engineers every day to build something together from this starting point. There is a common baseline that your security and governance team can trust upon. And specific requirements will be discussed and configured in collaboration. Good communication and support is key and this is exactly what we're good at. [Our customers endorse the effort to create a cloud-native developer platform](https://www.giantswarm.io/customers) together.

> At Giant Swarm, we take full responsibility for the components of the platform. We operate it on a continual basis and offer you upgrades and support. Even in cases where your application doesn't work as expected, rest assured, we will troubleshoot the errors together until they're resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Giant Swarm, we take full responsibility of keeping the platform components healthy. We operate and monitor them on a continual basis and offer you upgrades and support. Even in cases where **your** application doesn't work as expected, we'll assist you to the best of our considerable abilities, until they do.
```
